come on come come I don't want anybody
here okay of thinking how funny would
you be
we had computer cooking right if you
bought last I thought the exactly
absolutely check it we were going to do
that too you know we buy laxatives and
we put it into it to Mars and Perry's
food so it's also important system in
the plate secure and I will go on like I
don't like you gets it and bringing the
plate in the beginning of a prank war
we're ready to start something that
you're opening you can award I'll fix
all I think we got it we got it
do it I'm just worried you guys gonna
come at us Oh what do you mean coming
we're going to be very pushing and tough
there and I my voice last seconds of
freedom
we all suck is the freedom just like
we're gonna have to go right now
yes 1943 so the past 18 months we've
spent 90% of our time together and today
we're going to challenge that and spend
100% of our time together if I kind
cooking each other in pairs per hour so
they're not going to be him to match and
I front as the official has the official
YouTube channel right here baby
I was just out math like he was Robi
like it's all baby nice this is a friend
CAHSEE his e 2 channel called Kaz the
official should check them out it's
gonna be the best partner today I'm so
excited we're gonna kill him right now
we're gonna make
we're gonna make history together come
on mark a roommate
ooh we have the funnest time
are you kidding here enough we won't
have it everybody Stein is planning a
lot of things today our style is that we
don't reveal it we just do it not
stalkers like view guys right three
loosing my right hand
yep all right three two one
okay so we're handing these P right away
the city just like I just realize I have
to go boom-boom
what yeah what's that surely he'll see
you already have to go to the bathroom
and I met a couple hours ago but he said
I should wait a great way to start it
though okay I have really do have some
proof so that all right listen up
where did you get that yes Gore said
should we eat your logs or your love we
wrapper it for this periscope room with
a bunch of news camera handcuffed I can
oppose on this side
oh man this would be the country do it
just go house you're in Syria amar
I'm right here be with me Arlene
territory look you can cut you can cut
so I save there in a little uh little
surprised we're gonna go showering at
the first pass can share this morning so
I'll be bringing him along
[Music]
ha ha Sarge
there's no subtlety and I actually
already share this morning's want to do
team came to finish showering there had
a great time
he's now careful any noise coming from
with me and now I'm going to edit for
the next 3-4 hours and there's going to
be sitting I next to me the whole time
he would yell out has the right thing
about my life study elections a diet so
Kathy isn't sleeping in the past for
about a month now
a whole month this is his first time
doing laundry but I'm not dirty guys
I've been buying another oh yeah let's
do a song for you
training like wherever he goes I have to
go hiring and I didn't realize that it
be this hot out today so I put a
sweatshirt on that was put on splitter
right now all day I've been pressured on
yeah because you can't put one on what's
your hint oh you gotta you gotta wear it
now
we have for 24 hours like you have to
sleep together and really be laughing
with you already do nothing about it
alright just go back for lunch we have a
plan to do a lot of fun thing take a nap
try to recharge just like 20 minutes but
I wonder I wonder what would I sleep
left last night
I wonder what lifter 30 minutes okay
okay 30 minutes use Christ Jesus Christ
well the plan now is we're going to try
to find a date a double date with girls
because I think it's a really good
conversation starter I was good
wouldn't excite a pair now that idea so
Kaz denied the Masters are cool we're
going to go find two lovely ladies to go
have lunch with us and that a cool
enough to accept us we go we are we have
a potential candidate hello I hope you
okay see you later has denied the mess
is cool mess was cool bro so Kaz II made
the big mistake of not wearing a zipper
sweater and he's pouring
boring boring but how you feeling buddy
I thought it was cold in Los Angeles is
freaking February like maybe I should
just cut it with scissors and buy new
one I'm dying
when thinking dying right no you're
doing cuarón underneath with Leticia huh
okay what are you doing Thank You
Melissa
right half was rich oh yeah nice Melissa
Raquel will be joining us for a little
ice cream date today first of all it's a
conversation starter
[Music]
the city
we're from death for the entirety of exp
enough I'm a deaf member that's probably
help your mental stability that is sure
is that issue VW's probe CAHSEE will
stop coming and having makeup it's a
combination of both I don't want the
Batman we're going to go shopping now it
was what's going on right now
[Music]
oh we're squeezing in the basket deities
husband we can try to do man today I'm
doing a man spreading experiment yeah
because you're freaking let go oh wow
graduate Messer oh all right he's gone
yes man well we have a tickle fight now
I was funny without knowing it on Johnny
not even funny alright so very nice a
Santa Monica Pier we're going to be
writing some roller coasters together
because that will be a fun thing to do
tied together
[Music]
because it I rely on some clothes today
you know God and I can't hold it too big
if I can sit every time I like it gave a
yeah
[Music]
so one more one more
the next one I'm certain about
I'm so embarrassed right now
really we've these things that click
clear on them with the only ones that
are throwing a freaking thing now at the
grocery store okay sweetie it's just
another day and I will recite that with
Perry is having sake bath and some
laxatives let me crash on over Oh
sprinkle like we're about to go buy the
laxative feel that we will play back so
we're going to play some Perry's meal
he's going to spend the rest of the
night in the bathroom
there are things we're getting trapped
where the butt of their jokes but I
don't think huh yeah they can drink it I
don't know
[Music]
where's everywhere all in this is
Brandis but we like to know one one
maximum strength very unnecessary
when you want to wash this in there when
you're going to wash this thing in the
Mamata just remember this was Cathy and
Matt's idea who we're opening you can
order this all I think we like it we got
to do it and we're cooking with with
execute this prank generally produces
bowel movement and six to 12 hours
relief guaranteed every time get a crush
these like real quick that we can make
sure that flip the news we are all back
and Perry has no idea zero idea at these
boys are about the best when it was your
idea I feel so bad so you feel you loose
yes really amazing we've got to put this
I feel guilt because we're here for you
so yeah all I'm going to do a salty
[Music]
that's the money shot is nothing to do
that four men wearing hoodies to thank
you viewers thank you why are you
picking like that but he does kind of
like no no I like you looking for jacket
trying to eat me can you go get my life
[Music]
there's 105 106 107 you know what there
was it the best real duelist I was
meeting all right everybody this is very
important everyone listen up dan has an
announcement
okay so I wrote this movie but that's
the reason why I met you guys and I'm
holding a test screening to see how you
guys feel thank you very much for being
here because it means a lot to me
because smoothies there you go educate
about the real
[Music]
bacterially like all right you guys
yeah we're protecting these guys came
into the room today they said oh yeah
we're gonna do that are you actually
good yeah you guys starts in six to 12
hours so somewhere buddy-buddies you're
better you're you this come on yeah good
more of the story you don't crank it to
the track and when you go up with ideas
as a god beyond the truth idea of course
I have to be with them I can ratio
something we're going to want to make
sure the other guys are in changeable
you know wake up like 3:00 a.m. and go
do chickens control for you and be
cheeky and cheating because otherwise if
you decide I'm going to pour cold water
on their head it's four am we're just
get a good check on the guys and make
sure make sure they actually slept with
banker
[Music]
I would want to attack to catch in 24
hours this is like being tied to a
procrastinating hippopotamus who is very
slow to go to sleep and gets the
strength very easily and it's just a big
weight pulling on but amazing sleep on
this event
[Music]
haha those it's pink Ted tomorrow for 24
hours is good I would go another day
with this I don't know another week
probably think you got stinky poop I was
good sorry having to compromise for
every desange
Oh congratulations on the 24-hour
challenge hope you make up to each other
I'll not have the key releases
[Music]
congratulations getting out of here
holy love you did great corners it feels
like freedom yelled along
thank you for watching hope you enjoyed
it make sure you subscribe and we will
see you there's the shut up stop asking
people shaking subscribe
[Music]